Feature/intial (#1)
energinet-singularity/dlr-mrid: README.md

## Description

> This code set is build to expose relation between MRID of AMPs measurments used for DLR with the MRID of Line Segments.

Reviewer: I think we should add something like "the format of the input files can be seen in testdata".
Also we should maybe tell somehow that the files originate from our internal systems, maybe to tell that the code is only applicable to a very specific usecase?

> This code set is build to expose relation between MRID of AMPs measurments used for DLR with the MRID of Line Segments.

Reviewer: I think we should add something like "the format of the input files can be seen in testdata".
Also we should maybe tell somehow that the files originate from our internal systems, maybe to tell that the code is only applicable to a very specific usecase?

There can be many Amps measurement used for same lime segment as example AMPs from differnt phases and near and far terminals. 
Code set read file in .csv format with header information. There is no limitation for number of coloms for future expansion.

> In our case this file generated from ETS application with heade as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case this file generated from ETS application with heade as below
```
```suggestion
In our case this file generated from ETS application with header as below
```

> In our case this file generated from ETS application with heade as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In our case this file generated from ETS application with heade as below
```
```suggestion
In our case this file generated from ETS application with header as below
```

|TERMINAL_EMSNAME|FAR_NEAR|AMPS_MRID|LINESEGMENT_MRID|DLR_ENABLE
|--|--|--|--|--|

This file is cleaned up using python pandas lib and result dataframe is exposed on REST API with Singupy/API.

> dlr_mrid_PROD.csv file is read with a given interval in sec. and can be tunned while running container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dlr_mrid_PROD.csv file is read with a given interval in sec. and can be tunned while running container.
```
```suggestion
dlr_mrid_PROD.csv file is read with a given interval in secound. and can be adjusted while running container.
```

> dlr_mrid_PROD.csv file is read with a given interval in sec. and can be tunned while running container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dlr_mrid_PROD.csv file is read with a given interval in sec. and can be tunned while running container.
```
```suggestion
dlr_mrid_PROD.csv file is read with a given interval in secound. and can be adjusted while running container.
```

### Exposed environment variables

|Name|Default|Description|
|--|--|--|

> |cycle_time|900|cycle to read .csv file|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|cycle_time|900|cycle to read .csv file|
```
```suggestion
|cycle_time|900|cycletime for reading csv-file|
```

> |cycle_time|900|cycle to read .csv file|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|cycle_time|900|cycle to read .csv file|
```
```suggestion
|cycle_time|900|cycletime for reading csv-file|
```

> |database_expose|SEG_MEAS_MRID|database name to be query from rest api|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|database_expose|SEG_MEAS_MRID|database name to be query from rest api|
```
```suggestion
|database_expose|SEG_MEAS_MRID|database name used in query from rest api|
```

> |database_expose|SEG_MEAS_MRID|database name to be query from rest api|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|database_expose|SEG_MEAS_MRID|database name to be query from rest api|
```
```suggestion
|database_expose|SEG_MEAS_MRID|database name used in query from rest api|
```

|file_name|dlr_mrid_PROD.csv|file name to be read by pandas|

### File handling / Input

> Every cycle_time file define by filename is read. cycle_time should be greter then 10 sec and less then 30 days. otherwise it take defalut value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file define by filename is read every cycle_time. The cycle_time should be greater than 10 secounds and less then 30 days, otherwise default value is used. 
```
```suggestion
Every cycle_time file define by filename is read. cycle_time should be greter then 10 sec and less then 30 days. otherwise it take defalut value. 
```

> Every cycle_time file define by filename is read. cycle_time should be greter then 10 sec and less then 30 days. otherwise it take defalut value. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file define by filename is read every cycle_time. The cycle_time should be greater than 10 secounds and less then 30 days, otherwise default value is used. 
```
```suggestion
Every cycle_time file define by filename is read. cycle_time should be greter then 10 sec and less then 30 days. otherwise it take defalut value. 
```

### Output

> Data exposed via REST API. with database name came be read via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data exposed via REST API. with database name came be read via
```
```suggestion
Data exposed via REST API. Can be accessed via the shown query:
```

> Data exposed via REST API. with database name came be read via

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Data exposed via REST API. with database name came be read via
```
```suggestion
Data exposed via REST API. Can be accessed via the shown query:
```

## Description

This code set is build to publish data on RESTAPI from .CSV file.

Specific use:-
in our usecase we publish data ain replation to MRID of AMPs measurments used for DLR with the MRID of Line Segments.
There can be many Amps measurement used for same lime segment as example AMPs from differnt phases and near and far terminals. 
Code set read file in .csv format with header information. There is no limitation for number of coloms for future expansion.
In our usecase this file generated from ETS application with header as below

|TERMINAL_EMSNAME|FAR_NEAR|AMPS_MRID|LINESEGMENT_MRID|DLR_ENABLE
|--|--|--|--|--|

This file is cleaned up using python pandas lib and result dataframe is exposed on REST API with Singupy/API.
dlr_mrid_PROD.csv file is read with a given interval in seconds and can be tadjusted while running container.

### Exposed environment variables

|Name|Default|Description|
|--|--|--|
|cycle_time|900|cycletime for reading .csv file|
|database_expose|SEG_MEAS_MRID|database name used for query from rest api|
|file_name|dlr_mrid_PROD.csv|file name to be read by pandas|

### File handling / Input

> The file define by filename is read every cycle_time. The cycle_time should be greater than 10 secounds and less then 30 days, otherwise default value is used. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The file define by filename is read every cycle_time. The cycle_time should be greater than 10 secounds and less then 30 days, otherwise default value of 900 seconds is used. 
```

### Output

Data exposed via REST API. Can be accessed via the shown query:

````bash

>  curl -d '{"sql-query": "SELECT * FROM database_expose;"}' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X POST http://localhost:5000/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 curl -d '{"sql-query": "SELECT * FROM SEG_MEAS_MRID;"}' -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -X POST http://localhost:5000/
```
And then add a comment like "If you changed the 'database_expose' variable, remember to use the correct database name in the curl query".

docker run my_script -v someVolume:/data -e MYVAR=smith"
```
 -->
Built and tested on version 20.10.7.

#### HELM (only relevant if using HELM for deployment)

Built and tested on version 3.7.0.

### Running container

<!-- PLEASE REMEMBER TO UPDATE THIS GUIDE!!! -->

1. Clone the repo to a suitable place
````bash
git clone https://github.com/energinet-singularity/dlr-mrid.git
````

2. Build the container
````bash

> docker build dlr_mrid/ -t dlr_mrid:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker build dlr_mrid/ -t dlr_mrid:latest
```
```suggestion
docker build dlr-mrid/ -t dlr-mrid:latest
```

> docker build dlr_mrid/ -t dlr_mrid:latest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker build dlr_mrid/ -t dlr_mrid:latest
```
```suggestion
docker build dlr-mrid/ -t dlr-mrid:latest
```

> docker build dlr_mrid/ -t dlr_mrid:latest

Reviewer: Does not work, can't finde requirements file. I think it will work if you follow my corrections suggested to the dockerfile.

> docker build dlr_mrid/ -t dlr_mrid:latest

Reviewer: Does not work, can't finde requirements file. I think it will work if you follow my corrections suggested to the dockerfile.

docker volume create XXXX
````

3. Start the container in docker (change variables to fit your environment)
````bash
docker run -p 5000:5000 -v XXX:/app --rm dlr_mrid:latest
docker run -p 5000:5000 -v XXX:/app -e cycle_time=900 --rm dlr_mrid:latest
docker run -p 5000:5000 -v XXX:/app -e cycle_time=120 -e database_expose="testdata" --rm dlr_mrid:latest
````

> ## Help

Reviewer: write something like: "inital code base" for version numner

> ## Help

Reviewer: write something like: "inital code base" for version numner

docker run my_script -v someVolume:/data -e MYVAR=smith"
```
 -->
Built and tested on version 20.10.7.

#### HELM (only relevant if using HELM for deployment)

Built and tested on version 3.7.0.

### Running container

1. Clone the repo to a suitable place
````bash
git clone https://github.com/energinet-singularity/dlr-mrid.git
````

2. Build the container
````bash
docker build dlr-mrid/ -t dlr-mrid:latest
docker volume create "docker_volume"
````

3. Start the container in docker (change variables to fit your environment)
````bash

> docker run -p 5000:5000 -v docker_volume:/app --rm dlr-mrid:latest

Reviewer: Did not try, but i guess i should be changes since mapping app folder caused issus.
